Zeelkumar Gajera

AHMEDABAD, India 382345
+91 8460537917
gajerajeel199930@gmail.com

Summary

Innovative Software Developer with 2+ years of hands-on experience designing and testing applications. Well-versed in Agile methodologies and coding languages. Dedicated to developing creative solutions to meet business goals and requirements.

Skills

● Highly proficient in Java, JSP, Servlet, J2EE, Hibernate, Restful services, Log4j, Javascript, Jquery, Ajax, Ext JS, Angular, MySQL, Hadoop, Apache Solr, Micro-service in Quarkus, Kafka, Keycloak, OpenLdap, Git.
● Familiar with Docker, Jenkins, Jasper soft, OpenVpn, AWS code-commit, agile scrum, Jira, .net core, Android(java).
● Ability to learn quickly, Possess good team spirit.
● Willing to take greater Responsibilities. ● Ability to research new platforms and architecture to support current project needs
and keeping an eye on new technology developments
● Positive attitude towards work and a good team member.

Experience

September 2021 - Current
Sapphire Software Solution  - AHMEDABAD, IN
Software Developer
Project :-Electronic Health Record
System for hospitals, clinics, and practices that is
flexible enough to change as healthcare evolves yet doesn't cost a fortune
to implement and operate. Delivered in the cloud, the iCare Enterprise
Cloud EHR is a fully integrated system which includes a full range of
administrative, clinical and revenue cycle management capabilities.
My responsibilities were new enhancement and support.
JEE 7.0, ExtJS, jQuery, OSGI 5.0, SOLR, Hibernate, HBase/Hadoop, MySQL, AWS, EC2, Quarkus, GRPC, EMR, and KAFKA are among the technologies used.
Project :-School Management System
Vidyalaya software is a customized school management software that offers end-to-end solutions for every phase of school management like admissions, academic management, staff management, attendance. It is a one-stop solution platform that integrates various features like biometric, SMS, online portal, e-exam, mobile app, etc. Let our high-end product empower your educational institute in delivering new ways of education by taking care of administrative tasks!.
My responsibilities were to migrate module from asp.net to .net core and Angular 8.

Education and Training

May 2022
LJ Institutes of Computer Applications AHMEDABAD
MCA*
Project :-Smart Library
System that can produce automated online system for managing the
activities of the library
Team size: 3
Language: Laravel framework
Project:- Money control
Money controller is a simple android project where any person can handle
there budgets...
Team size: 3
Language: Android (java)

May 2020
Bholabhai Patel College of Computer Studies Gandhinager
BCA
Graduated with 7.33
Worked on project Onlinecake.com (Online cake and food ordering system)
This project is a web based that stimulates the foodies(customers) to
order cakes and foods through internet by locating the shop(bakery)
nearest one or others.
Team size: 4
Language: PHP, MySQL, HTML , CSS, Javascript and Bootstrap
Framework